I am the sky, I am yearning for
you, you should know that I
cannot live without you, accept that
your love made me cry, come and tell
me
somewhere, I had a wish my friend,
without you I am
not anyone's, please erase me, I am troubled Rana,
I am in your love.
I am alive in the heartbeats
Ballia, your name is written on every wall of my heart,
tell the world why don't you call me, you are my life,
please teach me love, how can I tell you my shortcomings,
return my dignity to me, you
know my silly things, I can't explain them to you  you are my dong wa see you ever
livin me focus when it hurts you gotta
promise me you can see me losing my senses
in the past so we make it to the
end
Your name is written on every wall of P Sh I A, let the
world tell them that you are my life,
please teach me love, to whom should I tell my shortcomings,
return my honor to me,
Belia, please teach me love, I have
never
lost my honor to anyone  give me the
bella  Your love made me cry, do
n't tell me, it was my desire my
friend, without you I am nobody's, love has
troubled me
[Music]
Whom should I punish, erase me, someone
is bothered by your name, I am in your love
I'm alive in my heart beats
[music]
h